## DesktopTruth...
fixingDesktops is all about ... 
<br>DesktopTruth...
<br>(unsure about linux)
<br>The truth, whether mac or windows:

id build for linux but it probably exists somewhere.(pending linux market research)

OS Developers missed; they messed up. maybe it wasnt their job, maybe "_who" knows if it was their job.
<br>The operating systems they developed are nice. But desktops are wrong.
<br>They made a singleton, because they named it inapropriately.
<br>They named it desktop. But a desktop can be many desktops. Im going to show you.
<br>and in part show myself. 😘 ps, it was obvious.
<br>PLANNING on fixing mac's first. (for the cool kids)

1) text files in every folder. 
2) text files store (x,y) location coordinates 
<br>procedurally generated.

upon right click for functionality, 
1) what is on current folder zips and goes to its respective folder.
2) file clicked is unloaded and becomes the new desktop setting.

## So what can this thing do today out of the box?
The mapping works for a mac ... completed a year ago.
<br>It just needs to be written into a textfile based on a directory it has knowledge of.

## So what needs to be built (mac)
zip and unzip functionality...
as well as assigning the files to their location on the desktop.

## Build steps
1) Seems zip functionality is the next easy place to start.
<br>Gotta clean that screen if we are going to load stuff.

2) load stuff.

## Update
1) figured out how to move to and from the desktop... 
2) this allows for new build steps!

## new build steps (disregard previous build steps. -was old implementation idea.)
1) Auto generate a new folder. -later we will be intercepting right click to get folder name.
2) Auto generate text file. in specified folder.
3) store all locations into a text file ... put that in a folder. 
<br>also ... write the folder name in the text file somewhere.
4) ZIP   ... move everything from desktop into that folder.
5) unzip ... if something is on desktop ... move to clean_num_fold. 
<br>then move everything from folder to desktop based on coordinates via textfile.
<br>also we ignore the text file. maybe it is a hidden file. or never on desktop therefore not tracked.
6) when unzipping have a limit on count... 
<br>dont want to flood your screen if you make a mistake like ... unzip all_files
<br>for starters lets set the limit to 20.
7) when unzipping if they are not on the list but in the directory -ignoring .hidden files.
<br>procedurally load them in locations.


-- always will have an autogenerated clean_num_folder. to clean curr desktop if something is on screen.

## Coming Soon
<pre>
I want to run in a single program. 
The program needs to recognize whether on a mac or a pc. 

linux support will arrive at a later date.

once the correct operating system is found. 
apple script...
or powershell script ...

appropriately called.
</pre>
